# Potted-plant-sassistant-Privacy-policy
Privacy policy The software respects and protects the personal privacy of all users using the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, the software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, the software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service use agreement, you shall be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service use agreement.

Scope of application a) When you use the software network service, the software automatically receives and records the information on your mobile phone, including but not limited to your health data, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information and web page records you need.
Use of information a) After obtaining your data, the software will upload it to the server to generate your leaderboard data so that you can better use the service.
Information disclosure a) The software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties; b) Disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organ; c) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or relevant rules, you need to disclose it to a third party.
Information storage and exchange a) The information and materials about you collected by the software will be stored on the servers of the software and / or its affiliates. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the information and materials collected by the software are located, and accessed, stored and displayed overseas.
Information security a) When using this software network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find your personal information leaked, please contact the customer service of the software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.
